The Joe Rogan experience like the guns, like that was the thing, right?
When they first said guns are not essential. Right.
Then they pulled back on that.
And they said, well, it was essential.
And then they decided to stop it from being essential.
Cause it was giant lines outside of gun store. Yeah.
And people were kind of tweaking and then people complained about that.
And then they stepped and said, it's not. And everybody said, you.
And then they go, okay, we're kidding. You could have your.
Guns. So let me tell you, cuz cuz I had, I directly experienced this last week.
I bought a gun. I bought a gun last week. This is the first time.
You've ever owned a gun.
No, no. I owned a gun back in the eighties.
I used to target shoot with some guys I worked with up in, uh, Oakland,
but <affirmative> I, I bought a gun. Right.
Because all of this went down and people like why'd you buy a gun? I said,
because the purge went from a movie to a documentary <laugh> <laugh>
I was like, I don't wanna be the only one, you know, but,
but the way I had to do it was you go online and you make an appointment
with the gun store and then you show up and you wait outside. Like they,
they come and what'd you buy? Uh, I bought a Glock, uh, 45, uh oh.
Stepping up. Yeah.
So, uh, I checked with the gang bangers. They were like, yeah,
this is the one you hold sideways <laugh> but, but anyway,
you had to wait outside, you know, know six feet apart or whatever.
And they brought you in one at a time. And, and then I was able to do it.
I did the background check by the way, the people who fight against the, the,
the test and the background check, like how, like you understand,
how have you done? Do you know how easy these questions are? They're very easy.
This questions on there. Like, are you a felon? Yes. Are you, you know, um,
is there currently a restraining order out against you? Like well who,
who would check yes. On that box? <laugh> you know, well, you have to.
Cause if they find out that you're lying, you'll never get a gun. Right. Well.
I, you know, I'm pretty confident that I'll pass and I'll get it.
And the guy was cool. This was,
this was one of my concerns was I was cuz I don't, you know,
I don't know what gun store to go to. Right. So, so I was ho I said, man,
don't let me walk into some place where there's a big Confederate flag on the
wall. <laugh> in.
LA, in LA.
In LA county. Yeah. You can find, yeah, listen, listen, Joe,
trust me on this. <laugh> trust me on this. They're out there. But anyway, no,
the guy was really cool. A.
Farm country off the five.
Yeah. And the funny thing was the,
one of the big things was the size of my hands. Right. So I have big hands.
So he's kind of like, yeah man, you gotta try,
literally try it on and see how it fits. And the Glock fit my hand.
Well, and then I was asking about shotguns and he was like telling me,
cuz I've fired shotguns. I've done that. Skite shoot and stuff.
And he was talking to me about tactical shotguns. And so, so he said, yeah,
you want to get, he said,
you probably wont one of these because you don't really have to aim too. Well,
when you got one of these, you just blast in the direction. I was like,
all right. That sounds good. So I'm probably gonna get one of those too,
but uh <laugh>. Yeah, but it was cool. And, and you know, I get it like I'm,
you know,
it's funny cuz people say that people have accused me of being anti-gun and I'm
like, no, I'm not anti on I'm pro common sense. I'm pro common sense. But,
but what were.
Your thoughts on gun laws before this?
Did you think that people don't need to have guns? No. I.
Never thought people don't need to.
So why'd they think you did because I've talked about like, we,
we don't need 50 round clips. You know, I had a joke. I said, listen,
I got a 50 round clip for self defensee.
I'm like if 50 people want to you at the same time,
maybe it's you <laugh> perhaps there's some part of your
personality you need to look at,
I'll tell you one thing I've always got about guns. I'm a motorcycle guy.
I'm a car guy.
And I know some gun people and from the mechanical artistic point,
like this is, you know what I mean? Yeah. I get that. Like you. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. There, there are guns that are beautiful.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> just from a mechanical standpoint,
like you look like this is a beautiful thing and,
and if you wanna shoot it and shoot targets and this and that, like great.
If you wanna hunt, like you hunt, I called you, you remember I texted your wife.
I said, Joe, if this goes down, I'm coming to your bunker. Cuz I know,
you know how to kill animals. Like I got a friend who knows how to kill animals.
I'm gonna go hang out with him. <laugh> it would be way more.
Difficult than that. I had this conversation earlier today.
Someone was asking me, if would you be okay? And I'm like, you,
you probably would not be okay with no civilization because you'd break an ankle
and you'd die. You,
you get an infection and you die and good luck finding animals all the time.
And what if you run outta arrows or you run outta bullets,
you can't make your own bullets. Like it could get real weird real quick.
But, but all of that aside, but tho those are the people who I'm like,
those are the ones we need to watch. The ones who like,
I gotta have this whole yeah. Bunker full of ammo and this and that.
I have hundreds governments thousand guns,
the government's coming to get me and all that. Like those are the ones.
So when, when I, I talk about gun laws and red, that's why I say common sense.
There's a common sense level to it. You know, that, that I'm okay with.
But uh, but no, I'm not anti I'm not anti-gun I'm but.
You can't. The thing about people is they think it's a slippery slope.
So if you say I am for the second amendment,
but I don't think you should have 50 round clips or I don't think you stepped
in. And they're like, well, who gets this? Decide who gets.
To decide common sense, common? You know, you know,
who should decide should be the majority mm-hmm <affirmative> it should be
people. But, but again, this is where we're all one side or the other.
And common sense is in the middle. If, if we had a government, a Congress,
whatever that could debate and talk about and input and say, Hey,
the hunters say that we need this. And, and you know, now it all makes sense.
Then you come up with it with a, a reasonable gun thing. Like for instance,
I think that cars are a good example.
Like we regulated guns the way we regulate cars,
in a sense you have to have a license. And when you sell it even privately,
if I sell my car to you, I notify the government. Like, Hey,
I just sold my car to Joe VIN number, blah, blah, blah.
He's now responsible for it. If the system worked,
we'd have a system of common sense.
Unfortunately we just have one extreme of the other, the,
the thing about no guns, it's like, what are you gonna there?
There's already millions of guns out there. So that that's impossible.
Like that's an unreasonable, it is thing to say.
It's one of those conversations. Doesn't have a, an answer.
It's not a clean answer. So when, when people bring that up, they go, whoa,
it's true. You dude. I'm like, okay, first of all,
a there's only 20 million people in the whole continent.
And it's a size that contiguous United States.
So there's more people in California than there is in Australia. Right.
So shut the.
Up. Yeah. And, and they also did it over a period of time.
They did it pretty quickly and they did it at a,
they did it in a moment of outrage. Exactly. Yeah.
They did it in a moment of outrage and, and unfortunately used us as an example.
Yeah. You.
Could still get guns over there for hunting though.
People hunt with guns over there. It.
Just Canada people hunt in Canada, you know,
and Canada had a mass shooting not too long ago. Yeah. Yeah. But
so, uh, I, you know, yeah, like you said,
it it's one of those without an answer. That's the problem.
Like if you definiti,
if you definitively think that this is the way and you don't see the other side
of it, then you're gonna always have this polarized argument. Right. And,
and if people.
Would, would lose that, if they'd lose the, I have to win. Right.
And just like, let's come up with a compromise that works. But the.
Gun people like particular NRA people,
they don't think you should give up any ground.
Cause if you give a Benny ground from where we are, right, right now,
it's just a slippery slope and they're gonna keep taking.
And they do have a point with some people. Now,
a lot of those people that used to think like that now are buying guns,
which is hilarious. <laugh> buddy mine's wife was, you're never having a gun.
You're never having a gun. This went down. You need to get a gun. Yeah.
Like he said, the,
it was a 180 switch and it happened immediately when everything was shutting
down. Yeah. You start,
you start thinking of people in their worst case possibility rather
than, ah, we live in a nice area. Right. We're fine.
Yeah. And, and again, you're right. Either extreme is, is impossible.
Neither one wants to give up an inch. Yeah.
And you both have to give up an inch, you know, neither one,
one wants to give an inch,
but you both have to give an inch and you ha you know, uh, and again,
this is what we were talking about earlier where the federal government,
the federal government does need to be involved in a sense where you have like
Chicago, that has a huge gun problem.
Partly because you can just drive over to Indiana and buy anything you want and
bring it to Chicago. Hmm. Is.
That what the problem is? Yeah. How close is Indiana to, to Chicago.
Gary, Indiana to Chicago. I think it's like two, three hour drive. Oh wow.
And that's where guns come from. When I grew up in, I grew up in New York city.
Right? New York city has some of,
if not the strictest gun laws in the country,
guy, new guys, they, you go down south, you go to Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina,
buy any gun you want drive up and sell 'em in New York because remember we,
our borders, you know, there's no border between states you drive.
I hope that stay stays the way it is.
I know that's a terrible thing that people are bringing guns from Virginia,
but I hope the border thinks stays the same way.
And if you want to drive across the country, you can just go, yeah.
I think the border should stay the same.
But I think there has to be some sort of
federal oversight to this. So that, of what, um,
there again, what,
what you can buy what's required to buy.
It what's require if you had to provide ID to show who
you are and where you live. So now if you're in to buy gun, you mean.
Yeah. You should have more than that. You should definitely do that too.
Though. But that's what I'm saying. Yeah. So now,
if you're in one of the more lax states, like, uh, Virginia,
and I'm just using these example, I don't know, specific laws,
but a Virginia or Arizona or something like that at, you know,
you can't just go there, live in California,
live in New York and go there and buy one. Like you gotta prove like, yeah,
I live in Arizona so I can buy the, so I'm subject to Arizona's laws.
Yeah. How does that work?
If you're a citizen of the United States and you drive to Arizona,
can you just buy a gun? Like you live in Arizona?
I, from what I understand and listen,
I'm far from an expert and I know there's experts, listen,
we should probably Google this. But, but the gun shows,
I think that's where they said you have a lot of, lot.
Of fuckery in the gun.
Shows. Yeah. Cause the gun shows is just one guy,
one person selling to another and that's where it gets really vague. Yeah.
That's the.
To what the rules are, people buy all kinds of illegal.
It right. So I think you, you know,
I think in a gun store you need to provide ID and stuff like that.
But the gun shows, yeah. It gets really kind of a gray area.
Didn't Bruno from uh, didn't uh, Sasha Baren Cohen.
Does Bruno character go to a gun show? Yeah.
I think supergacious super gay character. <laugh>
yeah. Guns are fun. The problem is people are morons. It's not,
the problem is not that guns. Aren't fun. You know, I get, yeah. I like guns.
I, I have friends who are really gun nuts. You know,
I have friends that have so many guns. They don't know how many guns they have.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> they love guns and they love 'em for the mechanical thing.
It's their hobby. Like some people are really into muscle cars,
some people the motorcycles. And.
I'm, I absolute cool with that because most of the people, I knew one guy who,
he was one like, I'd be worried about, you know, he was one like, mm, yeah.
This guy's waiting for a reason.
I have have a friend who's a gun nut.
And he got carjacked and he shot a guy and killed him.
But most of the gun guys, I knew they collected him. Like you said,
it was like muscle or motorcycles or whatever. It was just their thing.
Yeah. And, um, and they were good with, and the other thing is the gun safety,
you know, the, these idiots, like there's so many stories like yeah,
the gun was in the backseat and the kid shot the other kid and it it's like,
come on there. There has to be some kind of, yeah.
Safety and liability issue, you know,
like what's morons.
Just's what it's, it's not you, you would never do that. I would never do that.
Right.
It's the problem is you taking something with godlike powers and you give it it.
To morons <laugh> and then there has to,
so there has to be that you have do somehow you're too dumb for a gun roll
regulate tomorrow. Yeah. <laugh> like simple test, you know, man,
we've talked to a few people and uh, yeah, no, it shouldn't.
Be just, are you a felon? It should be like a competency test. Right. You know,
I mean, you need a competency test to drive a car because a car could be deadly.
I.